Add more descriptive docs + some experiments (#108)
JuliaGeo/GeometryOps.jl: docs/src/paradigms.md

# Paradigms

> GeometryOps exposes functions like `apply` and `applyreduce`, as well as the `fix` and `prepare` APIs, that represent _paradigms_ of programming, by which we mean the ability to program in a certain way, and in so doing, fit neatly into the tools we've built without needing to re-implement the wheel.

Reviewer: Nice explanations!

Below, we'll describe some of the foundational paradigms of GeometryOps, and why you should care!

## `apply`

> The `apply` function allows you to decompose a given collection of geometries down to a certain level, and then operate on it.  In general, its invocation is:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `apply` function allows you to decompose a given collection of geometries down to a certain level,  operate on it, and reconstruct it back to the same nested form as the original.  In general, its invocation is:
```

```julia
apply(f, trait::Trait, geom)
```

Functionally, it's similar to `map` in the way you apply it to geometries - except that you tell it at which level it should stop, by passing a `trait` to it.  

`apply` will start by decomposing the geometry, feature, featurecollection, iterable, or table that you pass to it, and stop when it encounters a geometry for which `GI.trait(geom) isa Trait`.  This encompasses unions of traits especially, but beware that any geometry which is not explicitly handled, and hits `GI.PointTrait`, will cause an error.

> `apply` is unlike `map` in that it returns reconstructed geometries, instead of the raw output of the function.  If you want a purely map-like behaviour, like calculating the length of each linestring in your feature collection, then call `map` on the result of `GO.flatten(trait, geom)`, which will decompose each geometry to the given `trait` level and return that decomposition as a flattened vector.

Reviewer 2: Flatten takes a function

```suggestion
`apply` is unlike `map` in that it returns reconstructed geometries, instead of the raw output of the function.  If you want a purely map-like behaviour, like calculating the length of each linestring in your feature collection, then call  `GO.flatten(f, trait, geom)`, which will decompose each geometry to the given `trait` and apply `f` to it, returning the decomposition as a flattened vector.
```
